Added important note about GPO and added missing link for download. (#3841)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-whfb-settings-policy.md

2.	In the navigation pane, expand the domain and expand the node that has your Active Directory domain name.  Right-click the **Domain Controllers** organizational unit and click **Link an existing GPO�**
3.	In the **Select GPO** dialog box, select **Domain Controller Auto Certificate Enrollment** or the name of the domain controller certificate enrollment Group Policy object you previously created and click **OK**.

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >If you don't find options in GPO, you have to load "[policy definition folders](https://support.microsoft.com/help/3087759/how-to-create-and-manage-the-central-store-for-group-policy-administra)". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>If you don't find options in GPO, you have to load the [PolicyDefinitions folder](https://support.microsoft.com/help/3087759/how-to-create-and-manage-the-central-store-for-group-policy-administra)". 
```
